add configurable default routing group, add indicative errors, use ex… (#687)
trinodb/trino-gateway: docs/routing-rules.md

Trino Gateway includes a routing rules engine.

By default, Trino Gateway reads the `X-Trino-Routing-Group` request header to

> route requests. Use the `defaultRoutingGroup` setting to specify a fallback routing group.

Reviewer: Wrapped as much as possible while keeping the sentence clear

Trino Gateway includes a routing rules engine.

By default, Trino Gateway reads the `X-Trino-Routing-Group` request header to
route requests. If this header is not specified, requests are sent to the default routing group.

You can configure a default routing group by setting the `defaultRoutingGroup` under the `routing` section. 
This group will be used whenever routing information is unavailable or the external routing service fails. 

> If not configured, the fallback remains the built-in adhoc group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If not configured, the fallback remains the built-in group `adhoc`.
```
The name of the group is `adhoc`, o it is best practice to refer to it as the group `adhoc`  to avoid ambiguity.

> If not configured, the fallback remains the built-in group `adhoc`.

Reviewer: Minimized.

        excludeHeaders:
            - 'Authorization'
            - 'Accept-Encoding'
        propagateErrors: false
```

* Redirect URLs are not supported.
* Optionally, add headers to the `excludeHeaders` list to exclude requests with
  corresponding header values from being sent in the POST request.
* Check headers to exclude when making API requests, specifics depend on the
  network configuration.

> * Optionally, set `propagateErrors` to `true` to propagate error messages from the external

Reviewer: Wrapped as much as possible while keeping the sentence clear

        excludeHeaders:
            - 'Authorization'
            - 'Accept-Encoding'
        propagateErrors: false
```

* Redirect URLs are not supported.
* Optionally, add headers to the `excludeHeaders` list to exclude requests with
  corresponding header values from being sent in the POST request.
* Check headers to exclude when making API requests, specifics depend on the
  network configuration.
* Optionally, set propagateErrors to true to propagate error messages from the external

>   routing service to the client when the response contains non-empty errors.

Reviewer 2: Maybe?
```suggestion
  routing service to the client if the response includes any errors.
```

* Response status code of OK (200)
* Message in JSON format
* Only one group can be returned

> * If errors is not null, then the query is routed to either the configured default routing.

Reviewer: Wrapped as much as possible while keeping the sentence clear

* Response status code of OK (200)
* Message in JSON format
* Only one group can be returned

> * If errors is not null, then query would route to the default configured routing group or adhoc

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If errors is not null, then query would route to either the default configured routing group or `adhoc` group.
```

, which provide information about the user and query respectively.
You must include an action of the form `result.put(\"routingGroup\", \"foo\")`
to trigger routing of a request that satisfies the condition to the specific

> routing group. Without this action, the default configured group or adhoc group is used and the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
routing group. Without this action, the default configured group or `adhoc` group is used and the
```
